# EToll
Roadways constitute a major part transport system only after Indian railways. The Traffic rates at Indian National Highways is ever increasing. 
Our project aims at solving the problem faced by roadway users at toll booths. One of the major reasons for traffic jams at the Indian National Highways is the inadequacy and inefficiency at toll booths which defeats the purpose of any highway.
We plan to digitize the same by using an application that will act as an E-Toll system for drivers to ease the payment system at the toll booths without any manual requisite for the same.
The said android application will integrate with Beacon technology to make the payment procedure simple and automatic without any need of an external hand. The proximity sensor in the mobile phones of users will detect the signals when inside a specific range of a particular toll booth henceforth leading to automatic money payment via the application.
We also plan to maintain a database which will contain relevant information such as time of payment, toll booth location etc. of every user. They will be able to load money before hand hence leading to a fast and efficient prepaid system of money transfer. This application will also solve any late night issues during which the workers usually doze off.
Moreover, it ensures a fair system of payment for anyone and everyone thus resulting in no special entries for the so called "VIP's". According to recent reports crimes and fights are frequent occurences at toll booths.
Our application will lead to a  decline in these rates at toll booths. Future prospects of the applications include a maintenance system as well as a centralised monitoring system which can be incorporated with user Aadhar number for security and consistency
